I build a review on my team associated
t5m so well we're gonna start out I'm
gonna tell you that grades added to it
my tire choices and what I have on it
the electronic package and then we'll
talk about all the goods and Bad's in
the bill so to start out this new kit
doesn't come with rims rims anymore so I
want a heading out the Associated yellow
wheels and I put on prolines ions m4
with the closed cell foam in here the
body it comes with is actually from
pearl line and it's like a bulldog body
and I just painted it a fluorescent
yellow so that's it for the outside and
I'll pop this body off and show you what
I got going on inside so my electronic
selection is this a box 2274 servo air
Tronics 471 receiver a reading black box
or AD 4100 shorty a Reedy 75 motor and
that's it for electronics and for
upgrades that I did to this car I did
the aluminum front hinge pin brace hard
front arms a J concept steering rack I
like to keep everything one brand and I
wasn't gonna get all the associated
stuff however my local shop didn't have
the Associated rack in so I just got the
J concepts one I got the J concept
battery strap again then you didn't have
the team associated one the team is so
sheared in titanium screw kit the team
associated aluminum hubs and back here
the two rear arm mounts the C and D
mounts are aluminum from associated and
then in the shocks I put in X rings and
I also have the aluminum caps but I have
yet to install the aluminum caps so the
bill
and this was amazing you could tell that
associated took the b5m platform they
took everyone's feedback they learn from
it and then with this release there's
nothing wrong with it they paid a lot of
attention to little details and they
really stepped it up for this release
which is awesome and I was pumped on the
build it went awesome
for some reason this diff is the same as
my B fives but it's just super smooth
and I don't know why I've broken it in
everything broken in setup on this car
already
but I don't this distance just like
ridiculously smooth and everyone that I
showed it to is like wow but then
another little detail that they did this
chassis cradle right here on the b5 it
was flushed with the chassis and people
are running their sensor wires under it
and kind of crushing it
well now they cut out a little U shape
for your sensor wire to go right under
it's just nice but now it's nice and
neat and you don't have to remove the
cradle to remove the sensor wire so if
you run like a chassis protector you
know along you're have to take it off
just to pull your electronics out or
change a sense for wire change of speed
control anything stupid like that so
that was an awesome little detail that
they paid attention to and then the bail
just went really smooth in the
instruction manual there's a lot of
little details again on notes and things
that they've learned from the b5m and I
didn't use the stock club but if you do
they even there
now put a lock nut on the backside of
the Ballston so that it would stop
backing out on everyone if you are using
those hubs so there's like another
little detail and well that's pretty
much all that they update it they didn't
however update the ball cups so I'll get
into that the new ball cups we're
supposed to not stick so c-minor a
little tight kind of sucks
however I was talking to Kody Nuland all
about it and he told me back at the
Reedy race the t 5m would have the
updated ball cuffs be super smooth and I
felt his so okay it was they were
awesome however now that the ball cups
are okay and good the first batch of t5m
s have bad 10 millimeter ball studs just
a quality control issue he said so
that's why
if you get one of they're still tight
it's the ball studs now so you've got a
they've got to fix that so that's a one
bummer on the kit however if you this
little steering link right here and this
one is buttery smooth like when I popped
that one on I was like wow this is
actually how it's supposed to feel but I
just wish all the other ones were like
that but they'll fix it and get everyone
hooked up and that'll be it
so the build went really good other than
that and I was pumped on it and I'm
ready to run this car so a little story
about recalling to run the car ended up
putting a bad sensor iron when I built
it so the I had no power to my motor and
actually had it all ready to go with the
track just like it sits
but all I had to do was like set up the
servo and the motor set the end points I
mean and breaking the diff and slipper
so I went to go do all that and what do
you know I had a bad sensor wire and
just figured it out two days later after
being at the track it's a kind of bum I
still haven't drove it but I will bring
a running video and after full review
wrap up on it and that'll do it for the
t5n but so far I'm impressed my only
thing again would be the stupid ball
stubs but I've got mine pretty freed up
but it's just one of those things that
sucks so I hope you watched like
watching this video and I'd recommend
anyone can find one still in stock to go
grab yourself t5m and let's get stadium
truck back rolling everywhere and I hope
you picked the t5 up so thanks for
watching and make sure you subscribe